[Scarpetta] Meet me at 1319
Greystone Avenue right now.
- [Marino over phone] What's there?
- It's the home of the 911 operator
who answered calls from every single one
of our murder vics.
[Marino] I'm ten away. You wait.
Don't do nothing
- without me.
- [woman screaming]
Aah! No! No! No!
[sinister music playing]
[grunts]
[Fruge] Gwen Hainey. 33.
Biomedical engineer at Thor Labs.
[Ryan] Prints on the kettlebell
came back with a name.
- [Scarpetta] Who is it?
- It's Matt Petersen.
[Scarpetta] You knew Matt Petersen
had nothing to do
with Gwen Hainey's death
and you said nothing to me.
I asked you and you lied to me.
What happened with the Petersen case?
Where is this coming from?
It's coming from me. Me. your husband.
I saw what was on your screen
when I came over to your place
the other day.
Everybody deals with grief their own way.
This wasn't my choice.
What wasn't your choice?
To be here.
[Scarpetta] I've been trying
to support everything you do
and I wanted you to have anything
you ever wanted.
And I'm gonna need you
to move out of the cottage now.
You're setting up a trace
on your aunt's work computer?
It's a trap.
So if anyone tries to break
into Aunt Kay's files. I'll be notified.
[Scarpetta] Cammie Ramada is dead.
and her family
is never gonna know the truth.
[Marino] That's not a story that Reddy
and the governor want to see
in the papers. right?
It's bad for tourism.
it's bad for the commonwealth
[Scarpetta] Maybe Reddy
had no plan on retiring.
Maybe he was angling to be
health commissioner all along.
This looks like a skin graft.
This is just like the one
on Gwen Hainey's leg.
[Marino] They both had skin grafts?
[Scarpetta] The murders are connected.
You need to leave the building.
[Marino] What we're looking for here
is a serial killer.
And Doc. I think we're the only ones
looking for him.
[siren wailing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
- [siren stops]
- [car brakes squeak]
[car door opens. closes]
[footsteps falling on leaves]
[somber music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Marino] It was. uh. the Doc
that figured it out.
The 911 of it all.
[I.A. officer] This was Dr. Scarpetta.
the chief medical examiner?
Yes.
[grunting]
She called me. told me the address.
and when I got here.
I heard a woman in distress.
[I.A. officer] What kind of distress?
[Marino] Screaming bloody fucking murder.
[woman] Aah! No!
[crying]
[Marino] I went in.
Uh. he blindsided me and we fought.
It was him or me.
[Scarpetta groans. cries]
And so I unloaded my weapon.
Get out! Get the fuck out!
[gunshots]
- You okay. Doc?
- [Scarpetta] Yeah.
You think Detective Marino's in trouble?
If it was a good shoot. he'll be fine.
[echoing whimpers]
[Ryan] I can't say I'm sorry he's dead.
Murdering bastard.
What he did to those women...
[Boltz exhales sharply]
Ooh.
Thanks. Officer Ryan.
A shit show this may be. we got him.
Killer's off the streets.
- Rehearsing for the press conference?
- No.
But you should be.
Pete said you cracked this one.
He's giving you full credit.
No. no. no. I. um...
I just. uh. I-I connected the voice thing.
That they all called 911. and that's. um--
Uh. so basically the whole thing.
[short chuckle]
Yeah. I should get him to the morgue.
'cause this place
- is gonna become a circus. so...
- Yeah.
Yeah. you should do that.
Hey.
Great work. Dr. Scarpetta.
What's gonna happen to Detective Marino?
[Boltz] He'll get asked
some more questions by internal affairs.
Don't worry. they're not looking
to jam him up over this scumbag.
Long as they like his story.
he'll be fine.
[intriguing music playing]
[Scarpetta whispers] Jesus Christ. Pete.
I didn't ask you to do that.
I heard screams.
I had every right to do what I did.
Except you had no fucking cause
to be here in the first place.
- I said wait for me.
- I was just checking it out.
[scoffs] "She was just checking it out.
Your Honor.
Is that not in her purview
as Chief Medical Examiner?"
I was waiting for you.
but then I heard screams.
Coming from a VCR tape.
Look. we can't go back now.
This'll be the end of you and me.
Our careers flushed.
- We're committing to a lie.
- We committed to the lie
as soon as I put three bullets in his neck
trying to cover for you.
Yeah. I didn't ask you to do that.
You shouldn't have come here.
From that moment forward.
our fates were sealed.
Now I have to perform an autopsy
on a man that I killed.
And lie about my findings.
- We can't do this.
- I did this for you. Doc.
- Why?
- Just go along with everything.
and we'll both be fine.
- Hell. we'll be heroes.
- Heroes?
I don't want to be a fucking hero.
I don't want to go to jail.
And I want to keep my fucking job.
Now we have to do a whole cover-up.
You're a dumb motherfucker.
Just stick to the story.
[softly] Fuck you.
- [sighs]
- [Marino sighs]
Have you ever driven me anywhere? Ever?
Are you fucking kidding me?
That's all you have to say?
Thanks for bailing me out?
God... [sighs]
This is serious.
You go too far.
You just go too far. Pete.
You always have.
That's true.
I will die on a hill
nobody cares about to make a point
about something nobody is listening to.
Yeah. and I end up
paying the fucking price for it.
You talking about now or back in the day?
I'm talking about all of it. All of it.
You make bad shit worse.
Oh.
I... [exhales]
- I didn't mean that.
- No. it's okay.
- No. I didn't mean it.
- No. you did.
- I didn't. I didn't. No.
- It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
- You got to hear--
- Twenty years of being
a hotheaded asshole. you know. it...
That's 20 years
of picking up after me. I get it.
Still.
I think it all evens out in the end.
doesn't it?
All the good we've done and the bad and...
in between.
Yeah. Yeah. definitely.
- Definitely more good than bad.
- Yeah.
[sighs]
Listen to me.
We can put this thing in gear.
drive down the road and never look back.
Yeah.
Yeah. we could do that.
We could.
Did you ever end up getting that.
uh. skin graft to Dr. Kaminsky?
Yeah. Yeah. yes. Yes. I did.
And I told her to call Officer Fruge
if she needed help.
All right. I should go in.
- Yeah.
- Face the music.
Okay.
[car door closes]
[pensive music playing]
[phone clicks]
♪ ♪
[knocking]
Hi.
Can I get you anything?
[moaning softly]
[moans]
[sputters]
Hey.
Whatever happened to that. you know.
bottle of something not too terrible?
[Fruge laughs]
I was actually gonna grab that.
but then it occurred to me that
I hadn't ever really seen you drink.
Or seem like a drinker. even.
Oh. I do.
- Hmm.
- I do.
Just being around a bunch of winos
- kind of puts you off the sauce.
- Hmm.
Your mom?
And my aunt.
- The great doctor.
- [laughs softly]
And Benton does like his scotch.
The really good stuff.
- Of course.
- Mm.
[exhales]
What?
Nothing.
Fuck.
What?
Just... fuck!
Uh...
- Okay.
- I. um...
I have to-to go.
I-I. I should...
I sh-I should go. I...
Yeah. I should go.
Okay. you should or you have to? What...
I'm sorry.
Okay? I'm really fucked-up.
My aunt just told me I have to move out.
and Janet's really mad at me.
[laughs softly] Janet?
Look. don't act like
I'm doing something weird.
You're still talking
with your dead wife as if she's alive.
Yeah. So?
So you are sort of kind of
doing something weird.
- [laughs] Okay.
- But also.
you might be using your pain
as an excuse to not live.
You don't know what I go through. okay?
Hmm. That's funny.
Do you know that
I got suspended this morning?
- Excuse me?
- Yeah.
Yeah. for that little ride-along
we did the other day
in your big badass truck.
Well. that's just fucking crazy.
Well. sorry. some of us
have real jobs with real rules.
Yeah. we can't all be the wealthy.
freewheeling prodigy
that just does
whatever the fuck she wants.
That's me. That is a nail-on-the-head
description of moi.
Don't blame me because of all the bad shit
that's happening in your life.
Why not? You caused it.
- [Lucy] Oh. please.
- Hey. fucko.
They might fire me.
I need this job.
You're gonna just. what. walk out of here?
[mournful music playing]
Yeah.
[door closes]
Yeah. she handed it off to Dr. Debbie.
Yes. I'm sure it was the fake skin
Thor was making on the moon.
The feds arrested this Jinx Slater.
Yeah. for Gwen Hainey's murder.
He was the boyfriend.
Of course she won't think he did it.
The boyfriend wouldn't have any reason
to kill Cammie Ramada.
Dr. Scarpetta is convinced
there's a serial killer out there
and Elvin. if she's right. that's on us.
You don't have to yell at me.
[mysterious music playing]
Yeah. I know what I have to do next.
[grunts]
Is it true?
- Is what true?
- That you solved it?
You found the murderer.
That's what everyone is saying.
Uh. no.
I didn't.
Hey. you know you can trust me. right?
Girl power?
Is the body on the table?
Yes. ma'am.
That's what I came to say.
Roy McCorkle's body is waiting for you
in the autopsy suite.
- Thank you. ma'am.
- Great.
♪ ♪
- [Scarpetta shouts]
- [wet crunch]
[clears throat]
Victim is a. uh. 33...
...year-old white... male.
[button clicks]
- [indistinct radio chatter]
- [indistinct chatter]
I'm looking for Detective Marino.
Pete Marino.
- He's unavailable.
- What do you mean
- he's unavailable?
- Agent Wesley.
[Benton] Mr. Boltz.
I hear there's been an arrest.
Well. not exactly.
Dr. Scarpetta ID'd the suspect.
Detective Marino went to make the arrest
and then. uh...
[clicks tongue]
- ...ended up filling him full of lead.
- Where is Detective Marino?
He's being interrogated by IAB.
Was it a good shoot?
Remains to be seen.
Abby.
[Boltz] Oh. come now. Abby.
Don't you think it's time
that we bury the hatchet?
Is it true?
Is my sister's murderer dead?
It's true.
And the only hatchet
I'm burying. Mr. Boltz.
will be in your back.
[urgent music playing]
I know what you did to me.
and I'm coming for you.
[Marino] I arrived.
I heard a woman screaming--
[I.A. officer] And this was after
Dr. Scarpetta had given you the address?
I got the address from Dr. Scarpetta.
I left her at dispatch
to go through the 911 tapes.
[I.A. officer] And is this an unusual task
- for a medical examiner?
- Not necessarily.
Anyways. I drove to the address.
I heard a woman's screams
from inside the house.
and next thing I knew. he was on me.
Roy McCorkle
- attacked you?
- He dragged me inside.
where I realized the woman's screams
were coming from the television.
Cause of death: three gunshot wounds
to the neck
made with small-caliber bullets.
[click]
Although the neck is contused.
the windpipe is crushed.
suggesting blunt force trauma
by something like a...
ceramic fucking plate.
- [door squeaks]
- [Elvin] Hey.
Don't mind me. boss.
just wanted to say congratulations again.
one on one. in private.
Whoa. That is. uh. some neck wound. huh?
[chuckles]
It's almost like
Detective Marino
was bent on obliterating it.
Could you put your mask on. Dr. Reddy?
Oh. that's not necessary. I'm not staying.
Just. uh.
extending a wish of good fortune
to our esteemed leader.
Any luck. Lulu?
Somebody took the bait.
Here's what's weird.
- It's somebody from Auntie Kay's office.
- [door opens]
Hey. guess what?
We have big news.
Yeah. I just. uh. need to get changed.
The kid is close.
She almost knows
who's been hacking into your computer.
What the fuck?
[Scarpetta crying softly]
- What happened?
- [crying] Oh. God! Oh. God!
[Dorothy] Jesus. Kay.
You're scaring me.
- I just killed a man.
- What?
I... He was a murderer. and I...
I killed him with a plate.
I... I can't breathe.
Oh. I can't breathe.
Somebody shot him to cover it up.
- Who?
- It doesn't matter.
- Uh. I think it does.
- Now I have to go and be feted
like a hero and take credit for
solving the case. and I d...
I think it's the end of me
and I think it's the end of my career
and it's like a r... a runaway train.
Hey. Look at me.
You have a medical degree. a law degree.
It all cost you a pretty penny.
and for what?
Your shit job and your shit life?
Come on.
For God's sake. Kay.
go take some credit for something.
[hopeful music playing]
[Scarpetta grunts]
But I... I killed him.
So the fuck what?
He deserved to die.
- It's wrong.
- He killed four women.
- Five.
- Five!
He was a filthy. disgusting murderer
that needed to be stopped.
You did that. You did that.
Take the fucking credit
for the brains God gave you.
Dare I say "bask in it"?
You are Kay Scarpetta.
Never forget your namesake.
- [Dorothy] You got arrested?
- [Marino] Yeah.
- [sighs]
- For beating a guy?
A suspect. S...
You... And-and this was the day
that you abandoned me at the restaurant
- when you were in a rage.
- What do we gotta relive that for?
Look. it's a simple thing.
The guy is a psycho
with a long. involved record.
This charge is never gonna stick.
How do you know that?
- Because I know a-about these things.
- Oh. how do you know that. Peter?
What do you mean?
I'm... uh. because I'm a cop.
- It's a crime.
- It's not a crime. It's not a crime
- unless it's proven. babe.
- It's a crime.
[chuckles] Okay.
- We're good.
- No. we're not.
- I'm out. You know what? I'm done.
- What do you mean. you're out?
- Are you leaving me?
- No. We are leaving tonight.
- I'm going to a hotel.
- What?
We are going to a hotel.
- I'm going to pack.
- Hey--
I'm fucking done!
- [glass shatters nearby]
- [Marino] Sh-Sh...
- [Lucy] Damn it.
- [Marino] Fuck.
- [Lucy] Fuck.
- What happened? What is it? Hello?
Lucy? Honey?
- Oh. sh... shit.
- [Lucy] Fuck. fuck. fuck.
Hey. this is Benton's
- good shit. you know?
- [Dorothy] What happened?
- Fuck. Nothing. Jesus.
- [Marino] You okay?
Me? You're the one who got arrested.
By the way. I bailed you out.
You are welcome.
- Okay.
- I'm sure she took credit.
Uh. she who? She...
- sh... the Doc?
- Yeah.
[Lucy] We got into a fight
while we were waiting for you. and I left
because she is...
- a bitch.
- [Dorothy] Ok-- [laughs] Wait a minute.
A fight? A bitch? Come on.
Yeah. Auntie started whistling your tune
- and she told me to move out.
- [Marino] Okay.
- She told me to move out.
- Can-can we just. please.
we-- maybe this is not the moment
to get into all this.
- Oh. come on.
- You are so conflict-averse.
Unless it's. of course. with your fists.
- Then you're--
- Okay. that's not true. okay?
Maybe the first part.
- Okay.
- Okay. Excuse me.
[Dorothy] W-Wait. wait.
where are you going?
- To get another bottle.
- Oh. no. no. Honey. honey. honey.
We are gonna move into a hotel tonight.
Peter and I. We'll get you a room.
- Obviously. it won't be adjoining.
- We're really doing that?
You better believe it.
[sighs] I gotta say I... I feel weird.
just packing up and moving out
in the middle of the night.
I-I feel like a criminal.
You're the one that just got arrested.
Can we please stop already? Please?
- Okay. okay. okay.
- I lost my temper. you know? It happens.
All right. Wasn't your fault.
- Oh. yeah? Whose fault was it?
- My sister.
My sister has a deleterious effect
on everyone in this house.
Do you know that
my own stallion-like spirit
feels diminished by her?
Peter. I want out. Out.
Before this ends in a prison sentence
for my beloved
or the nuthouse for my daughter.
- We are leaving. So pack.
- Can we at... can we at least tell her
- before we leave? You know...
- Who?
Oh. my sister?
What is your obsession with her?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I'm not obsessed with her.
Oh...
You know. Janet actually thinks...
- Yeah?
- that you are in love with her.
Oh. really? Janet?
Robot Janet thinks I'm in l...
- Babe. that is crazy.
- Is it really crazy?
You follow her around like a dopey dog.
The-- You just can't do enough for her.
It's almost like you're content
to just be in her presence
just for the honor
of anticipating what maybe she needs next.
Stop it. okay? You're being ridiculous.
Really?
I don't like ultimatums.
I don't like getting them.
I don't like giving them.
But somebody--
somebody needs to make a choice.
What. meaning me?
Yes. motherfucker. you!
You have to choose.
It's either me or her.
[suspenseful music playing]
[brakes squeak]
Benton?
Fuck.
Is this where you're staying?
Uh. no. No. um...
No. I'm at the. uh...
Econo Lodge.
What is this truck?
It's where we kept Jinx
to interrogate him.
Who's "we"?
Tron and myself.
- You had Tron here?
- Yeah.
- Periodically.
- Okay. You had her in our home?
Uh. well. technically.
this is not our home.
- It's just a truck.
- Whatever. You had her here.
Mm-hmm.
So you held a suspect here for days.
locked up in our home?
In the truck.
[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
God. there's so many secrets. Benton.
You just have more
- and more secrets. What--
- I think you have a secret. Kay.
What did you do to him?
Where's Jinx Slater now?
He's in custody.
He's being charged with murder.
- Gwen Hainey's murder?
- Mm-hmm.
So you're letting him take the fall.
are you?
- Marino was right.
- Oh...
- He's your patsy.
- Marino. Marino.
Marino. You know. I couldn't care
- one fuck what Marino thinks.
- What happened to Gwen Hainey?
- Would you just stop trying
- Do you even care? What about
- to investigate her death?
- Cammie Ramada?
- It's done. It's on Jinx. That's that.
- What about her? Who killed her?
- That's wrong. You can't--
- Look. you wanted me to warn you before.
I'm warning you now.
Just stop. Stop with Gwen.
stop with Cammie Ramada. just stop.
Just stop it all before it is too late.
Too late? I'm fired.
Who the fuck are you?
Who are you?!
Who are you?
- Who the fuck are you. Benton?
- Oh. no. don't... Just...
[dark music playing]
I want to be completely honest
with you. Kay.
I-I...
I... I have some strange behaviors
- that I... I-I have. always.
- Benton.
- Ever since I was a little boy. that...
- Mm-mm. Cut it out.
No. there-there are some creatures
that I enjoy to watch suffer.
And I have long hidden these things.
And it's important
that I-that I say that-that--
I-I got to say this to you out loud.
That...
I just--
I want to be a good person. but...
I got to show myself.
- Okay. Okay.
- I've got to show you
- my real self.
- Go ahead.
You want to hurt me?
Is that it? You want to hit me? You want
- to convince me how evil you are?
- Jesus Christ.
I know... I know who you are.
No. you don't. You don't know me.
I've seen monsters. I've seen it all.
and as fucked-up as you are.
I'm just as fucked-up.
So. come on. Give me your worst.
Give me your shittiest. shittiest shot.
Convince me you're evil.
- I know who you are.
- [inhales]
- [exhales] Oh. no.
- It's okay.
- No. you don't.
- I do.
- Stop.
- It's okay.
- Why?
- Stop.
- [kissing]
- Stop it.
- Mm?
Stop.
I want a divorce.
You got it.
[sighs]
- [sniffles]
- [engine starts]
I'm sorry.
I am sorry that I got mad before.
Just all that...
..."treasure 'em while they're here"
bullshit made it seem like
you thought I didn't appreciate you.
No. I loved you with ev...
every fiber of my being.
An aneurysm.
How the fuck?
Truth is. this Blaise Fruge person...
...is the first time since then that I
feel like there may be. you know. a life.
or some human force or something
for me outside this fucking room.
[exhales]
Janet?
Janet.
Are you really not gonna talk to me?
Babe.
You wanted me to talk. I'm talking.
Huh?
[scoffs]
- ♪ Where are you? ♪
- [typing]
Babe?
No.
Oh. Jesus fucking Christ.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. No.
Baby. come back. Please?
Please. Janet?
Come back.
Janet. plea--
What? No. no. no. No.
- Oh! Oh. No.
- [Dorothy] Hey. babe!
I have got us
a suite at the Hermi--
- [sobbing]
- Hermitage.
Lucy. what happened?
Mom. she's gone.
[screams]
- [sobbing]
- [shushing]
[Dorothy] Shh. it's okay.
[sniffles]
[moans softly]
[sighs]
Hey. anyone home?
Anybody home?!
Fuck.
Hello?
[sighing]
Breathe. breathe.
You know. I-I... I didn't know
that Janet could. uh...
I-I didn't know that she could do that.
She couldn't.
She couldn't... what?
Like. what-what... what do you mean?
Just...
There's a failsafe. like...
like with the nukes. you know?
Everyone has to turn their own key.
Well. who turned the key?
You didn't... Mom. right?
- N-No! No.
- Please. I don't think I can take it...
- right now.
- Lucy. Lucy.
- That if you're lying to my face.
- Lucy.
- I couldn't c...
- I swear o-on my life.
I swear on my mother's life.
I swear on my s--
- Wait. What? What?
- My sister.
My sister.
[sighs] My sister and I finally
agreed. earlier. on something
for the first time in our lives.
Which was?
That Janet was bad for you.
[Dorothy] No. Lucy--
- [Lucy] Janet's bad for me?
- Hey. What--
- Lucy. calm down. Calm down.
- If you did it. just go ahead and say it.
- [Scarpetta] Do what?
- Just go ahead and say it.
- [Dorothy] Calm down. calm down!
- [Lucy] Did you shut her off?!
- Okay. Lucy.
- Did you shut her off?
You couldn't let me get there on my own.
no. could you?
You had to do it for me. It wasn't enough
- to ask me to move out. You had to do this
- [Dorothy] What are you
- too. with your savior-like bullshit.
- talking about. honey?
- Did you kill Janet?
- What are you talking about?
- Did you shut her off?
- No. never. Never.
- [Dorothy] Someone shut her off.
- I would never. ever do that.
- I don't fucking believe you!
- Hey. stop!
Shut the fuck up!
Both of you! It is grade A narcissism.
The only thing you see in me
is yourselves.
Do you know how exhausting it has been
to have been raised by two white women
who have never. ever taken the time
to really. really see me?
I lost the one person...
...who really saw me.
[breathes shakily]
And I'm pretty sure
one of you took her from me.
Come on. Luce. Luce.
[Dorothy] Lucy. come on.
- Hon...
- [Scarpetta] Okay. this is...
[sighs]
[Dorothy sighs]
[Scarpetta clears throat]
[scoffs quietly]
Did you know she felt this way?
No. Of course I didn't.
[Marino] Uh...
The bags. They're ready.
- Huh?
- [Dorothy] Yeah. We're leaving.
- You're leaving now?
- Leaving.
Yes.
And you're in on this?
- Not in on anything.
- Uh. look. if you must know.
he was given an ultimatum.
- So you're forcing him to go?
- No. An ultimatum is a choice. Kay.
- just with
- Come on. Pete.
- more dire consequences.
- you're letting this happen?
- Shut up.
- [Marino] I am taking
- my wife to a hotel. okay?
- [Scarpetta] Come on.
There's no need to read any more into it.
No. I think we do.
- [Dorothy] Oh. really?
- I think we do. Yeah.
- Oh. really? And where's your own husband.
- Yeah.
- Kay?
- He's interrogating.
um. suspects in the back of a truck.
- Where? I--
- Pete. make a choice. Right now.
- Look at me. I'm really the only person
- Uh...
who gives a shit
about whether these murders
are swept under the rug.
Go fuck yourself. Kay.
- Just--
- You know what. I have to go with my wife.
Dr. Kaminsky has information for us
about the biosynthetic skin graft.
so. you know. we got to do this.
It's you and me.
There's a murderer still out there. Pete.
- I need the keys to the truck.
- I'm not-- Come on.
- I need you.
- I need the keys.
Okay.
[Dorothy] Peter!
[exhales]
[exhales sharply]
Oh. Fuck.
[tense music playing]
[sniffles. sighs]
I know what you did.
What do you mean?
Oh. stop playing dumb. Maggie.
Pretending not to know what a hack is
when you perpetrated
the whole fucking thing yourself.
- Wh-- No. I didn't.
- Oh. Hey. hold on. Chief. Let's not
- hurl allegations.
- You're fired.
But... I-I didn't do it.
- [door closes]
- I swear to you. I am not playing dumb.
No. no. no. not to worry. young lady.
'Cause you and me--
we will figure something out.
Hey. Kay?
- Hey.
- Are you okay?
Hey. What the hell happened?
Marino's behind closed doors.
What. you figured it out?
- I guess. I gotta go.
- You guess?
What the hell happened. Kay?
Why didn't you call me?
I did. I left a message.
- What happened?
- It just. it all. uh. got really.
um...
Start from the beginning.
[clicks tongue]
[indistinct chatter in distance]
Hey.
Come here.
[♪ Csaba Onczay playing Bach's
"Cello Suite No. 1 in G Major"]
I need you.
[clears throat]
[both panting. moaning]
[line ringing]
[ringing]
Oh!
[both moaning]
- Oh. fu...
- [music stops]
[Benton sighs]
Probably shouldn't go out together.
Yeah.
[haunting music playing]
See you out there. Kay.
[door opens]
You can never tell him.
Ever.
[camera shutter clicking]
- ♪ ♪
- [no audible dialogue]
♪ ♪
- ♪ ♪
- [no audible dialogue]
[tires squealing]
♪ ♪
[engine stops]
[sighs]
Ooh. this is nice.
From Dr. Debbie.
She says to tell you
that the biosynthetic skin
from Cammie and Gwen's bodies
are the same.
You expect me to believe
you're helping me now. Maggie?
I've only ever tried to help you.
[scoffs] What do you want?
I have everything you need to bury him.
Who?
- Reddy. of course.
- [scoffs]
I know what you did.
I know you two covered up a murder.
And I know what you did.
You committed one...
...and blamed someone else.
You've been holding that card...
...for 25 years?
- Know when to hold 'em.
- [sighs]
- I'm fucked.
- Or...
this could be the beginning
of a beautiful.
- you know.
- What. friendship?
- How?
- I have proof.
Every bad thing he ever did.
- Pick a crime.
- You would really do that?
I agreed to something
that was not my making.
- [sighs]
- And before I knew it.
I was in up to my ears.
Surely you've done the same.
And I never hacked you. Elvin did.
Why?
S-So you would never trust me.
However it started.
it can and should end differently.
I'll prove it to you.
I'll get you everything you need
to nail the bastard.
Leave me out of it.
and I'll leave you out of it.
Okay.
Marvelous.
You're fucking crazy.
[car door closes]
[contemplative music playing]
[sighing]
[phone vibrates]
- Hey. Blaise.
- Hey. sorry to bother you. but I've been
working with Dr. Kaminsky on where Gwen
[muffled. distorted] and Cammie
might have gotten their skin grafts.
- Can you speak up? I can't hear--
- Looks like they were--
the same test group at--
you guessed it-- Thor.
- No. I can't. Y-Y--
- Yeah.
- Repeat that.
- Guess who else was in it?
Blaise. I can't hear you.
And guess who else was in the test group.
Who?
- Th-- te--
- Who?
That's how he met them.
They were in the same group.
- Blai--
- [line disconnects]
Fu...
[ominous music playing]
Don't you bring it back
till it's flattened.
- [boy] Y-Yes. sir.
- Ah. there she is.
Do as your uncle says with that penny.
Yes. sir.
[uncle] And don't mind us.
[screaming]
[man] Hey. Doc.
See you found my penny.
That one's real special.
It's from the year I was born.
Officer Ryan.
[Ryan] Lori was the first time
I'd seen a body done to like that.
The blood. her rawness--
it changed me.
I made a mess with Cammie. But Gwen?
Gwen was perfection.
I did it to impress
just the right gal.
That'd be you. [short chuckle]
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
[groaning] Goddamn... [grunts]
♪ ♪
- Shit.
- [lock beeping]
- [yelps. grunts]
- [grunting]
- Don't fight me. girl.
- Somebody help!
[uncle grunting]
[woman shrieks]
- [train whistle blowing]
- Hoo!
- [grunting]
- Come on. girl.
[woman] You're hurting me! [grunting]
[yells. grunts]
Stop your fighting and it won't hurt!
[train horn blows]
[woman screaming]
[uncle yelling]
[ragged gasping]
Some of us got scars on the outside.
Some on the inside.
[whimpering. grunts]
- [sizzles]
- [uncle roars in distance]
- [screaming]
- [pig squeals]
I got both.
- [grunts]
- Oh!
[Scarpetta] Oh. God...
[metallic clinking]
[exclaims]
[grunts]
Aah!
[grunting]
[♪ Mark Isham plays "A Sense of Touch"]
♪ ♪
- [screaming]
- [door opens]
Oh...
No.
[♪ Lada Gaga sings "Disease"]
♪ You're so tortured when you sleep ♪
♪ Plagued with all your memories ♪
♪ You reach out ♪
♪ and no one's there ♪
♪ Like a god without a prayer ♪
♪ Screaming for me. baby ♪
♪ like you're gonna die ♪
♪ Poison on the inside ♪
♪ I could be your antidote tonight ♪
♪ Screaming for me. baby ♪
♪ like you're gonna die ♪
♪ Poison on the inside ♪
♪ I could be your antidote tonight ♪
♪ I could play the doctor.
I can cure your disease ♪
♪ If you were a sinner.
I could make you believe ♪
♪ Lay you down like one. two. three ♪
♪ Eyes roll back in ecstasy ♪
♪ I can smell your sickness.
I can cure your ♪
- ♪ Cure ♪
- ♪ cure your disease ♪
♪ Cure your disease ♪
♪ I can smell your sickness.
I can cure your ♪
♪ Lay you down like one. two. three ♪
♪ Eyes roll back in ecstasy ♪
♪ I know all your secrets.
I can cure your ♪
♪ oh ♪
♪ cure your disease ♪